Singleton Pattern
Ensures a class has only one instance, and provides a global point of access to it.

NOTE: You can use Java’s enums to simplify your Singleton implementation.

Problem:
Ensure that a class has just a single instance.
Why would anyone want to control how many instances a class has?
The most common reason for this is to control access to some shared resources. For example, a database or a file.

Provide a global access point to that instance.
Remember those global variables that you used to store some essential objects?
While they're very handy, they're also very unsafe since any code can potentially overwrite the contents of those
variables and crash the app.

Singleton pattern lets you access some objects from anywhere in the program.
However, it also protects that instance from being overwritten by other code.


Solution:
- Make the default constructor private to prevent other objects from using the new operator with the Singleton class.
- Create a static creation method that acts as a constructor. Under the hood, this method calls the private constructor
to create an object and saves it in a static field. All following calls to this method return the cached object.
- If your code has access to the Singleton class, then it’s able to call the Singleton’s static method.
So whenever that method is called, the same object is always returned.


Applicability:
- Use the Singleton pattern when a class in your program should have just a single instance available to all clients;
for example, a single database object shared by different parts of the program.
- Use the Singleton pattern when you need stricter control over global variables i:e can not afford to use global variables.


How to Implement:
1. Add a private static field to the class for storing the singleton instance.
2. Declare a public static creation method for getting the singleton instance.
3. Implement “lazy initialization” inside the static method. It should create a new object on its first call and put it
   into the static field. The method should always return that instance on all subsequent calls.
4. Make the constructor of the class private. The static method of the class will still be able to call the constructor, but not the other objects.
5. Go over the client code and replace all direct calls to the singleton's constructor with calls to its static creation method.