Strategy Pattern:
- Strategy is a behavioral design pattern that lets you define a family of algorithms, put each of them into a
  separate class, and make their objects interchangeable.


Problem:
Consider a Duck superclass having three different types of subclass of duck.
Now you define swim() and display() methods in Duck superclass.
Your boss tell you to add fly() and quack() method for all duck.
1. You thought of defining them in superclass. Problem all ducks don't swim or quack. So you decide to override them in
subclass. The Problem is a lot of code duplication.
2. You decide to create two interfaces fly and quack and implement them in subclass. The Problem is code duplication.


Solution:
Create two different behavior class called flyBehavior, quackBehavior. Implement concrete fly and quack classes using
these interfaces. This way we can independently add new behavior to existing ones w/o changing existing code.


Applicability
- Use the Strategy pattern when you want to use different variants of an algorithm within an object and be
  able to switch from one algorithm to another during runtime.
  The Strategy pattern lets you indirectly alter the object’s behavior at runtime by associating it with different
  sub-objects which can perform specific sub-tasks in different ways.

- Use the Strategy when you have a lot of similar classes that only differ in the way they execute some behavior.
  The Strategy pattern lets you extract the varying behavior into a separate class hierarchy and combine
  the original classes into one, thereby reducing duplicate code.

- Use the pattern to isolate the business logic of a class from the implementation details of algorithms
  that may not be as important in the context of that logic.
  The Strategy pattern lets you isolate the code, internal data, and dependencies of various algorithms from the rest
  of the code. Various clients get a simple interface to execute the algorithms and switch them at runtime.

- Use the pattern when your class has a massive conditional statement that switches between different variants of the same algorithm.
  The Strategy pattern lets you do away with such a conditional by extracting all algorithms into separate classes,
  all of which implement the same interface. The original object delegates execution to one of these objects,
  instead of implementing all variants of the algorithm.


How to Implement
1. In the context class, identify an algorithm that’s prone to frequent changes. It may also be a massive conditional
   that selects and executes a variant of the same algorithm at runtime.
2. Declare the strategy interface common to all variants of the algorithm.
3. One by one, extract all algorithms into their own classes. They should all implement the strategy interface.
4. In the context class, add a field for storing a reference to a strategy object. Provide a setter for replacing
   values of that field. The context should work with the strategy object only via the strategy interface.
   The context may define an interface which lets the strategy access its data.
5. Clients of the context must associate it with a suitable strategy that matches the way they expect the context
   to perform its primary job.
